Recipe Function Happy Path
1. Open up our website and the user will be presented with three options.
2. Click on the first option says "Search Recipe" and the user will see a search box.
3. Enter the ingredients separated by a comma into the search box and hit the search button.
4. The recipe name with the corresponding pictures will be displaced.
5. Click on the name or the picture will direct the user to another webpage that will show the full recipe.

Emotion Recognition Function Happy Path
1. Open up our website and the user will be presented with three options.
2. Click on the second option says "Emotion Detection" and the user will see a square in the middle of the webpage.
3. Place your face inside the square area and wait until a pop-up window says "Detection Complete".
4. The result will be displaced and the user can stay with the result or manually enter his/her mood. 
5. Click on the "Save Emotion" button and recipe recommendation will displaced.

Location Function Happy Path
1. Open up our website and the user will be presented with three options.
2. Click on the third option says "Find your food nearby" and the user will be redirected to a new page with a map on it. It will be a google map with red pins which are the location results.

Wrong Path
1. Goole authorization fails
   - Click on the "Sign in with Google" button.
   - Enter user name and password incorrectly 
   - A line of "Incorrect user name or password" will be shown below the login box
2. Recipe Function fails
   - Enter recipes separated by sign other than ","
   - The result will only show the recipe with only one of the ingredients entered.
3. Emotion Recognition Function fails
   - The user does not place his/her whole face in the right place may result in wrong detection.
   - The user opens up the camera detection for a too long time may result in a timeout. A pop-up box will shown says "timeout. Try one more time"
   - The detection does not give the user a satisfying response. The user can manually enter and record his/her mood.

